This is version 0.0 of the unwind library.  At the moment, only the
IA-64 Linux (IPF Linux) platform is supported and even that support
has received only light testing.  Consequently, this release is
intended primarily to expose the unwind API to more developers and to
collect feedback on what does and does not work.  Having said that,
backtracing through gcc-generated code might work reasonably well.

There is virtually no documentation at the moment.  A brief outline of
the unwind API is in file NOTES.  To get a feel for how things are
intended to work, you may also want to take a look at include/unwind.h
and include/unwind-ia64.h.  Finally, the test program in
src/tests/bt.c shows two ways of how to do a simple backtrace: one
uses libunwind directly, the other uses a libunwind-based
implementation of the backtrace() function.  The test program in
src/tests/exc.c shows the basics of how to do exception handling with
this library.

The following steps should be used to compile and install this library:

	$ cd src
	$ make dep
	$ make
	$ make install prefix=PREFIX

where PREFIX is the installation prefix.  By default, a prefix of /usr
is used, such that libunwind.a is installed in /usr/lib and unwind.h
is installed in /usr/include.  For testing, you may want to use a
prefix of /usr/local instead.

Please direct all questions regarding this library to:

	libunwind@linux.hpl.hp.com

For spam protection, you'll have to subscribe to this list before
posting a question.  You can do this by sending a mail to
libunwind-request@linux.hpl.hp.com with a body of:

	subscribe libunwind

Note: the host that is running this list is behind a firewall, so
you'll not be able to use the Web interface to manage your
subscription.  Send a mail containing "help" to
libunwind-request@linux.hpl.hp.com for information on how to manage
your subscription via email.

	--david
